Hi within this lecture we are going to create our request to get a hold on our machine learning model.
Remember we have two steps.
First we have to create the request.
Second we have to create the handler to handle this request.
So we're going to do the first step in this lecture.
And remember we can get this from the documentation but I'm going to simplify the code so that you can
understand it better.
So we're going to work with something called we and core a mild model.
Okay.
So as you can see this is a core amount model used with region requests.
So this is vision requests courier male model.
And if you open parentheses it will ask you for a model and it throws some errors.
So for model we already have our model integrated in our projects right.
So if you say something like If let model try OK we're going to try.
Because it throws an error and in here let me open and close parentheses.
And rather than a male model.
So this phone worked just delete this.
OK.
Rather than a male model we are going to give our mobile not v models.
So we already have our model in here so you can just write mobile Net V2.
OK.
If it doesn't auto complete you can just write whatever you see in your model name and you have to convert
this to a model object like you can just say mobile Net V to open parentheses and that model.
So this is how you actually define your model as a variable inside your project.
So if you make this optional I believe the error will go away.
Yep.
Now this is good.
Now this means that we get to create our model inside of a variable.
Now I can actually use this model in my coat.
The next step would be for me to create the request variable itself.
So if you say Let's request.
OK.
And this is going to be a V and Cora AML request.
So this one.
So that's what we have been looking for right.
The first step creating the request.
And this will give us the completion handler in return of old models.
So we already have our models so that we can use in this request function.
OK.
And this will give us a completion handler.
Remember this is a closure.
And in this closure we get two outputs like Vienna requests and the air and the actual request that
we have been looking for is this one.
So we are going to use this Vienna request if there is no error.
So I'm going to call this Vienna request and I'm going to call this error.
Now I'm going to use this Vienna request as I said and I have to understand what it does.
So if you come over your documentation you can try to see what you can do with this Vienna request.
But again this is kind of complicated in this documentation.
So let me see how this works.
If you say Vienna request in here OK you can see the type.
This is a Vienna request indeed.
And if you say that results.
OK.
So we're looking for results.
It will give you an any any area.
OK.
So not dictionary it's just gives you an array.
So this is actually an array of the observations array of the assumptions that that you are going to
get out of this model.
So this is given as an any array and we are going to have to convert this any array into something that
is compatible with the core core amount models so that we can get the observations we can get the confidence
level for example and by confidence level I mean the probability like 60 percent.
This is my key in 90 percent.
This is another animal I don't know.
So let me show you how this works you're going to have to create these results in a variable and you
can just say Vienna requests that results and cast is optionally OK as a V and classification observation.
So this is this is produced by the image analysis so regarding the result of the image analysis from
the model at this point.
So that's it.
That's what we have been looking for.
Now we're going to process this results so that we can show them to the user.
So there will be more than one observations in this area.
And I'm going to try to get the first result the top result.
OK.
And in order to do that I'm going to say something like let top results.
And this is going to be derived from results that first.
And the reason that I'm doing this actually is to get the most probable observation and in fact before
we do that let me check to see if results that count is actually greater than zero.
So if I have any observation that I want to get the first one because this is going to be the most probable
one.
For example if I show a monkey picture I can get the monkey as a first result but elephant as a second
result.
OK.
And I want to get the most probable want to show them to the user.
Of course you can try to find the other results by adding yet for looping here but it won't make sense.
So I believe the best course of action here is to get the first result the most probable result out
of that observations and show it to the user.
And this is going to be the result that we want to process and then add to our result labeled in fact.
So this is kind of the end of our request but not completely.
After we complete our request of course are we going to go into the handler and in the Zoo Quest.
I'm going to use dispatch Q that main that I think one more time as we did before because we're going
to do this asynchronously every going to change the main user interface in here like we're going to
change the labels and we're doing this all in background so that we won't be blocking the user interface.
So we have done this before right.
You can come over here and say something like SRK result labeled up text is top results dot identifier.
So this will be worked in sync erroneously and it won't block the user interface and it will show the
user the top result identify your meaning the top result text.
But I don't want to show only the identifier but I'm going I'm going to get the confidence level or
confidence index as well.
So confidence level again the probability.
So this is something like 60 percent 80 percent.
And if you say the top result that confidence this gives you the confidence level.
But unfortunately we get this in and number between 0 and 1.
So we have to just convert this to be an integer and or another new teacher actually.
But we can actually multiply this by 100 in order to have a meaningful value something like 21 percent
rather than all point 0 to 1.
So if you do it like this then you're going to get your confidence level and then I believe we have
to provide this some default value because this is kind of optional and the app let me do that.
Let me just put two questions Mark.
And if this is nil or if this is empty I'm going to show at zero a confidence level to the user and
there will be more than one decimal.
So I believe we have to round this up.
But yep you won't understand why I am doing this right now.
So let me just use this confidence level so that you will understand it better later on when we do that.
So rather than just showing the identifier I'm going to say something like this is 90 percent Mikey.
So let's see the confidence level in here.
OK.
Percent.
And it is something like monkey so 90 percent it is monkey.
So all you have to say.
Confidence level percent.
It is top result that identifier.
OK.
And let's see.
Yeah.
I misspelled com level so this is not count but rather this is confidence level.
So here you go.
That's actually going to get these results and going to display the result to the user.
And in order to make this work as you can see we get this error in here saying that you have you created
these requests but you have never used that and it's correct because I don't have my handler yet.
So the next step would be to go to the second step and create the handler to fire up these requests.
That's what we going to do within the next lecture.